building I don't think we've properly
met I'm Lydia it's only fair that I
mentioned to you that this island is
limited on resources for the two of us
hence one of us will have to go
honorable discharge upgrade authorized
don't joke on building a generator car
ready no joke our Construction complete
don't yo construction options building
enemy units detected ready no joke our
dojo car Construction complete new
construction options training
construction completes training or mines
nearing depletion I served the Emperor
Construction complete training served
the Emperor an Oregon has been
construction complete I serve the
emperor is under attack this way I
served the Empress I can be detected
Construction complete the Emperor
- there's nothing less
think about the end zone
so he
- there's nothing left
against no limits the Emperor
get closer
going after them
you're brighter than you look commander
it's your win